Add conferences and awards about page (#3326)
nasa-gcn/gcn.nasa.gov: app/routes/docs.about.conferences-awards/route.mdx

---
handle:
  breadcrumb: Conferences and Awards
---

import demo from './Kafka_Cluster_top_SED_7248.jpg'
import teamphoto from './gcn_team_photo-3.jpg'

# Conferences

<img
  src={demo}
  width="4800"
  height="3200"
  alt="GCN Kafka demo"
  align="right"
  className="grid-col-6 mobile-lg:grid-col-4 tablet:grid-col-2 desktop:grid-col-4 height-auto margin-left-2"
/>

> The GCN Team regularly presents updates at topical scientific conferences and meetings, and interacts with the broader astronomy community via a table at the NASA booth at the American Astronomical Society winter meetings. Our booth includes an [educational, interactive demonstration](https://github.com/nasa-gcn/gcn-raspberry-pi-demo) of the fault-tolerant Apache Kafka data streaming technology behind GCN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GCN Team regularly presents updates and interacts with broader astronomy community at topical scientific conferences and meetings. Our scientists and developers are on hand to answer your questions and hear your feedback every year in the exhibit hall at the annual meeting of the [American Astronomical Society](https://aas.org). Our booth includes an [educational, interactive demonstration](https://github.com/nasa-gcn/gcn-raspberry-pi-demo) of the fault-tolerant Apache Kafka data streaming technology behind GCN.
```
